Clean up GridLayout stories (#794)
jpmorganchase/uitk: packages/core/stories/layout/grid-layout.doc.stories.mdx

Grid layout can take any number of children, and will by default display them in a 12 columns grid (items after the 12th one will wrap).
In order to change the number of columns displayed in the grid, you can reduce or increase the `columns` prop.

> Grid layout is useful when you want to control the layout in both row and columns dimensions, and it can achieve more complex forms when used in combination with `GridItems`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grid layout is useful when you want to control the layout in both row and column dimensions, and it can achieve more complex forms when used in combination with `GridItems`.
```

#### Grid Item inside default grid layout

> A grid item allows more complex controls to the default behavior of a grid child, like defining how many rows or columns will it span trough, and it's alignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A grid item allows more complex controls to the default behavior of a grid child, like defining how many rows or columns it will span, and its alignment.
```
